initiating startup sequence everybody
it's poison the most toys coming at you
again with my fourth reboot of my mini
transformers this time it's g1
Starscream
if you haven't seen the T joint Optimus
Soundwave and Megatron rebooted to the
new ball-jointed form and the upgrades
then please check my channel for those
this one although I'm usually an
optimist guy maybe my favorite of my new
reboots looks very much like the cartoon
he is the largest in his Ultimo to
vehicle mode but he does transform as a
robot at the same height as the other
three
let's stop yapping here and get right to
transformation so the first thing you
want to do flip up tail fins like this
take your wing sections up rotate them
around get them out of the way for our
later transformation and this could be
somewhat tricky sometimes because
everything here is a quite a tight fit
so we just about there okay and the same
with the other side that one worked a
lot more easier then we want to
transform or take back the nose cone
section just get out of the way for now
and put it probably a little like there
I'm gonna get them up to a standing
position to flip them over and I'm just
gonna raise the camera for you guys what
you can see when you flip them over is
pretty much in his robot mode just like
the original g1 toy was gonna flip out
this section out of the way at the back
we'll get it out of the way a little
more there we go
flip out the feet I didn't change much
about the legs except now they're ball
jointed a instead of T jointed compared
to the old model pull out the feet they
can still twist
so it's helps for poseability and I'll
just get him standing leg of this
okay so like I said I'm kind of this is
kind of my favorite so far
of the four I did I made you some more
but these are the four of the rebooted
ones I did because I like to work in a
larger scale of course but I'm running
out of shelf space and with a newborn at
home I don't have a lot of building
times so you may see more minis in the
future so then to finish transformation
of course we just wanted this is
something new and it may or may not work
very well today now we want to flip out
that's not too bad we want to turn this
180 to make it more looking like the
cartoon version where the intakes kind
of went the other way which was
different from the toy version if you
had the original and it's just a bit of
a pain to do because it's really tight
everything back here and then we just
want to flip up the head and we're
pretty much done so repose the the wings
however you like to get that nice cigar
Starscream look get him all posed up and
that's about it so again as I said guys
I think I'm liking this as my new
favorite of my minis rebooted if you
hope this inspires you to build your own
remember I do sell the small skeleton
that's similar to this on my eBay page
you can check that out in the
description and you can buy a frame and
make your own transformers or other
Gundams or action figures and that's it
guys it's pretty cool like I said I'm
really liking this one and maybe we'll
see some more in the future
don't know I have been asked and build a
micro bumblebee or a mini mini bumblebee
which I guess would be a micro baldly so
it's gonna be big if I make it so may
not be very detailed I may do it I may
not we'll see
anyway I'm thinking about it for those
who have been asking anyway until next
time everyone happy building we'll talk
to you soon don't forget to subscribe
take care and happy building